#78 add support for close, expired, challengeExpired, error events in onEvent API (#81)
hCaptcha/HCaptcha-ios-sdk: README.md

This SDK allows you to receive interaction events, for your analytics via the `onEvent` method. At the moment the SDK supports:

 - `open`  fires when hCaptcha is opened and a challenge is visible to an app user
 - `expired` fires when the passcode response expires and the user must re-verify
 - `challengeExpired` fires when the user display of a challenge times out with no answer
 - `close` fires when the user dismisses a challenge.

>  - `error` fires when any error happens during a challenge verification. Note: This event is not for error handling but only for analytics purposes. For error handling please check the `validate` API call

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `error` fires when any error happens during a challenge verification, for example a transient network error. Note: This event is not for error handling but only for analytics purposes. For error handling please check the `validate` API call
```

.. don't we need to document the error message passed up?

Author: Good point, added information about how actual error can be obtained in `onEvent`

>  - `error` fires when any error happens during a challenge verification, for example a transient network error ( details about an error will be privided by `data` param, check example below). Note: This event is not for error handling but only for analytics purposes. For error handling please check the `validate` API call

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `error` fires when an internal error happens during challenge verification, for example a network error. Details about the error will be provided by the `data` param, as in the example below. Note: This event is not intended for error handling, but only for analytics purposes. For error handling please see the `validate` API call docs.
```
